this man unfortunately fell down the
cliff
he quickly fell to the bottom
fortunately under the cliff is a swamp
he tried to crawl out of it but the more
he struggled the deeper he became
he reached up quickly but still couldn't
reach the branch he tried to lie on his
back to shank slower
at this time he saw two weasels looking
at him on the branch he hurriedly asked
for help
but they continued watching he sank
deeper and deeper
finally he used his mesmerizing eyes to
pray for help from the two weasels
during the time of danger the two
weasels understood him they crawled
forward and began to nibble on the
branches
finally the tree branch gradually leaned
down the man hurriedly clung to and
crawled ashore
he sighed with relief but a weasel
unfortunately
fell into the mud puddle the weasel
tried to swim but it still sank down
not long after the weasel on the tree
was extremely worried
at this point the other guy reached out
and picked up the other weasel
he sighed laughed happily and stroked
mud on the weasel's body
after that the man took the two weasel
brothers and continued on his way since
then
he has added two weasel guardians not
long after he felt dizzy
strange images appeared in his brain a
lot of people surrounded him and he had
nowhere to run
he was quickly tied to a tree the scene
ended and he woke up
he quickly ran to the top of the
mountain and saw a crowd of hunters
encircling a black tiger
it turned out that the scene from just
now was not an illusion the black tiger
was asking for help
the man released the weasels and
arranged a fighting position for them
then he rushed down to fight with the
hunters
[Music]
another hunter had arrived he let out a
frightening roar to the sky
an eagle rushed over and pulled down
that hunter at the same time
two weasels joined the battle and stole
the arrow from the hunters
the man drew his sword and fought with
two hunters one was beaten to the ground
he used the dart to cut off the rope
black tiger rushed to defeat the last
one
the man was about to leave when he saw
the black eagle flying around above his
head
refused to leave and wanted to join him
the black tiger also approached him and
accepted him as a friend
he is dar he has the ability to
communicate with animals
that is why he was considered a freak
his tribe was slaughtered by the witch
mocks and his men
only he was lucky to survive he took his
fellow animal with him to take revenge
a ferocious black tiger ran out from the
forest the girl was frightened
suddenly the guy appeared and hugged the
girl tightly after a moment of
reassurance
the girl calmed down he stepped up to
threaten it the scared black tiger
obediently knelt down
he gave a signal for it to leave but the
black tiger didn't understand
he let out a roar that made the black
tiger leave
with the cooperation of the black tiger
he saved the girl
he intended to flirt with her but she
was embarrassed so she ran away
dar and the black tiger went to look for
the girl night fell
they came to a strange mountain dar did
not hesitate to enter
there was some weird glowing stuff
inside dar discovered a man was locked
in a cage
he turned around to see a group of
birdmen standing in front of him
he immediately pulled out his sword and
so
badge this magic ring has an eye the eye
observed everything
it detected the target the witch gave
orders to kill him
a rope was attached to dar's neck and
the bald man began to pull
when dar almost suffocated the black
tiger appeared behind the baldy man
knocked him over and killed him dar
informed the black tiger to pursue the
remaining assassin but unfortunately
he escaped dar knew that running wasn't
a good way he decided to counter-attack
he disguised himself to get inside the
castle the witch mox was standing on top
of the pyramid and lifting a baby boy
over his head
the baby fell into a sea of flames under
a burning abyss but he was still not
satisfied
he was just another boy in the group the
baby was also quickly lifted over the
head and then thrown down again
dar stood in the crowd he used his
communication skills to order the black
eagle to fly down and steal the boy
after being rescued the weasels brought
him home the next day
the children in the city were not enough
mox immediately sacrificed the slave
girl
that female slave was the girl he met in
the woods so he grabbed his sword and
stormed the pyramid
[Music]
after a while dar was weakened and
controlled by mox at the altar but he
was the main character
finally he killed mox and saved the
beauty unexpectedly the witch stood up
again
luckily the weasel saw it they jumped on
the witch and bit his neck
the witch fell into the fire below but
then the witch's army has arrived the
people in the city were preparing for
the battle
dar threw the order to the black eagle
to call for reinforcements
fighting until that night they lost a
lot when dar's army was almost defeated
the black eagle brought the army of
birdman they spread their wings and
embraced each enemy
the enemy immediately turned into a pile
of white bones
the battle was over diar not only got
revenge but also supported by the people
of the city
but he only loved the beauty he took her
away together they lived a beautiful
life beside their legions of animals